Migrate Home Assistant Supervisor actions to dedicated action pages (#46024)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/hassio.app_stdin.markdown

---
title: "Write data to app stdin"
action: hassio.app_stdin
domain: hassio
description: "Writes data to the standard input of a Home Assistant app."
related_actions:
  - hassio.app_start
  - hassio.app_stop
  - hassio.app_restart
---

> Use this action to send data to the standard input (stdin) of an app. Apps were previously called add-ons. This only works for apps that are built to read commands from stdin, so check the app's documentation before you use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this action to send data to the standard input (stdin) of an {% term app %}. This only works for apps that are built to read commands from stdin, so check the app's documentation before you use it.
```
